bpo-23556: Fix discrepancy in raise without argument; Apply patch from Bug Tracker (#29236)
python/cpython: Doc/library/exceptions.rst

Exception context
-----------------

> When raising a new exception and an exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When raising a new exception while another exception
```

is already being handled, the new exception's

> :attr:`__context__` attribute is automatically set to the originating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:attr:`__context__` attribute is automatically set to the handled
```

exception.  An exception may be handled when an :keyword:`except` or
:keyword:`finally` clause, or a :keyword:`with` statement, is used.  If the
new exception is not handled, the traceback that is eventually displayed may

> include the originating exception(s) and the final exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include the context exception(s) as well as the final exception.
```

Reviewer: I wonder if the last sentence should be removed altogether because there is a paragraph below about the traceback.

> :keyword:`finally` clause, or a :keyword:`with` statement, is used.  If the
> new exception is not handled, the traceback that is eventually displayed may
> include the context exception(s) as well as the final exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:keyword:`finally` clause, or a :keyword:`with` statement, is used.
```

Reviewer: There is a whole paragraph on the traceback below, so I don't think we need this sentence here.
